Good morning, class!
As we delve deeper into chapter 4,
we’re going to see why we know
that evolution is a fact.
Now, when we think about the word evolution,
what comes to mind?
Your grades are some
of the highest in the class.
I have these brochures.
They’re both really fine schools,
but this one in particular on top
is the one I would really like
you to consider.
Rebekah, you’re one of our fastest runners.
I really want you to consider
trying out for the team.
I feel so confused.
I know some things they teach
at school don’t agree with the Bible,
but sometimes they just seem to make sense.
Then there’s the pressure to join sports
and what to do with my future.
I finally told Mom
some of the challenges I was having.
She really listened and admitted struggling
with some of the same issues
when she was younger.
Then she shared Hebrews 5:13, 14:
“For everyone
who continues to feed on milk
“is unacquainted
with the word of righteousness,
“for he is a young child.
“But solid food belongs to mature people,
“to those who through use
“have their powers of discernment trained
to distinguish both right and wrong.”
She said that when her personal study
went beyond the surface
on questions and issues that bothered her,
she began to discover
truly meaningful answers
that built up her faith
and helped her make good decisions.
It helped her to go
from just feeling it was the truth
to knowing it.